fileName: 0.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 23
selected size: 1
center: 280, 108
fileName: 1.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 2.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 3.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 19
selected size: 1
center: 247, 66
fileName: 4.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 17
selected size: 1
center: 253, 71
fileName: 5.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 24
selected size: 1
center: 214, 78
fileName: 6.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 16
selected size: 1
center: 185, 104
fileName: 7.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 20
selected size: 1
center: 155, 125
fileName: 8.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 22
selected size: 1
center: 37, 132
fileName: 9.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 18
selected size: 0
fileName: 10.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 11.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 27
selected size: 1
center: 57, 150
fileName: 12.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 29
selected size: 1
center: 70, 125
fileName: 13.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 41
selected size: 1
center: 75, 59
fileName: 14.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 30
selected size: 1
center: 122, 27
fileName: 15.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 24
selected size: 1
center: 156, 79
fileName: 16.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 12
selected size: 1
center: 55, 96
fileName: 17.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 25
selected size: 1
center: 129, 66
fileName: 18.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 28
selected size: 1
center: 164, 18
fileName: 19.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 15
selected size: 1
center: 208, 58
fileName: 20.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 14
selected size: 1
center: 181, 72
fileName: 21.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 7
selected size: 1
center: 205, 38
fileName: 22.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 8
selected size: 1
center: 207, 66
fileName: 23.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 13
selected size: 0
fileName: 24.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 9
selected size: 1
center: 226, 71
fileName: 25.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 8
selected size: 1
center: 206, 74
fileName: 26.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 8
selected size: 1
center: 170, 89
fileName: 27.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 7
selected size: 0
fileName: 28.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 9
selected size: 0
fileName: 29.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 8
selected size: 1
center: 201, 79
fileName: 30.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 4
selected size: 1
center: 196, 107
fileName: 31.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 7
selected size: 1
center: 172, 111
fileName: 32.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 9
selected size: 1
center: 170, 100
fileName: 33.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 14
selected size: 1
center: 219, 91
fileName: 34.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 35.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 36.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 37.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 38.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 39.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 40.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 41.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 42.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 43.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 44.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 45.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 46.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 47.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 48.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 49.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 50.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 51.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 52.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 53.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 54.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 55.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 37
selected size: 1
center: 172, 15
fileName: 56.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 29
selected size: 1
center: 217, 21
fileName: 57.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 58.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 18
selected size: 1
center: 225, 88
fileName: 59.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 12
selected size: 1
center: 233, 98
fileName: 60.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 15
selected size: 1
center: 259, 101
fileName: 61.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 53
selected size: 1
center: 123, 71
fileName: 62.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 61
selected size: 1
center: 197, 48
fileName: 63.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 66
selected size: 1
center: 219, 62
fileName: 64.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 55
selected size: 1
center: 127, 114
fileName: 65.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 27
selected size: 1
center: 120, 130
fileName: 66.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 26
selected size: 1
center: 111, 108
fileName: 67.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 16
selected size: 1
center: 52, 86
fileName: 68.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 18
selected size: 1
center: 66, 113
fileName: 69.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 22
selected size: 1
center: 89, 103
fileName: 70.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 18
selected size: 1
center: 87, 120
fileName: 71.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 22
selected size: 1
center: 85, 126
fileName: 72.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 27
selected size: 1
center: 115, 146
fileName: 73.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 21
selected size: 1
center: 104, 155
fileName: 74.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 10
selected size: 1
center: 36, 166
fileName: 75.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 14
selected size: 1
center: 81, 115
fileName: 76.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 21
selected size: 1
center: 114, 51
fileName: 77.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 78.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 79.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 38
selected size: 1
center: 168, 64
fileName: 80.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 41
selected size: 1
center: 249, 23
fileName: 81.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 51
selected size: 1
center: 260, 50
fileName: 82.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 60
selected size: 1
center: 217, 59
fileName: 83.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 40
selected size: 1
center: 207, 46
fileName: 84.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 60
selected size: 1
center: 215, 86
fileName: 85.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 50
selected size: 1
center: 197, 82
fileName: 86.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 44
selected size: 1
center: 183, 87
fileName: 87.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 45
selected size: 1
center: 179, 83
fileName: 88.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 46
selected size: 1
center: 169, 67
fileName: 89.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 45
selected size: 1
center: 173, 65
fileName: 90.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 45
selected size: 1
center: 160, 95
fileName: 91.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 17
selected size: 0
fileName: 92.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 25
selected size: 0
fileName: 93.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 94.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 95.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 96.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 97.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 98.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 99.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 100.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 101.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 102.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 103.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 104.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 105.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 106.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 107.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 108.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 109.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 110.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 111.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 112.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 113.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 114.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 115.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 116.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 117.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 118.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 119.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 120.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 121.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 122.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 123.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 124.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 125.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 126.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 127.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 128.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 129.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 130.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 131.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 132.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 133.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 134.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 135.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 136.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 137.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 138.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 139.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 140.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 141.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 142.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 143.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 144.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 145.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 146.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 147.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 148.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 149.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 150.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 151.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 152.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 153.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 154.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 155.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 156.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 157.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 158.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 159.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 160.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 161.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 162.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 163.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 164.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 165.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 166.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 167.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 168.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 169.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 170.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 171.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 172.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 173.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 174.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 175.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 176.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 177.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 178.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 179.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 180.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 181.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 73
selected size: 1
center: 154, 20
fileName: 182.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 70
selected size: 1
center: 150, 67
fileName: 183.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 59
selected size: 1
center: 167, 51
fileName: 184.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 54
selected size: 1
center: 170, 50
fileName: 185.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 46
selected size: 1
center: 160, 56
fileName: 186.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 52
selected size: 1
center: 146, 41
fileName: 187.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 65
selected size: 1
center: 167, 40
fileName: 188.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 58
selected size: 1
center: 184, 32
fileName: 189.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 49
selected size: 1
center: 184, 71
fileName: 190.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 41
selected size: 1
center: 192, 70
fileName: 191.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 42
selected size: 1
center: 170, 60
fileName: 192.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 47
selected size: 1
center: 155, 62
fileName: 193.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 42
selected size: 1
center: 143, 66
fileName: 194.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 47
selected size: 1
center: 120, 54
fileName: 195.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 42
selected size: 1
center: 128, 30
fileName: 196.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 37
selected size: 1
center: 120, 38
fileName: 197.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 41
selected size: 1
center: 112, 13
fileName: 198.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 43
selected size: 1
center: 114, 14
fileName: 199.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 47
selected size: 1
center: 184, 15
fileName: 200.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 58
selected size: 1
center: 194, 17
fileName: 201.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 69
selected size: 1
center: 206, 24
fileName: 202.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 68
selected size: 1
center: 165, 19
fileName: 203.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 58
selected size: 1
center: 179, 46
fileName: 204.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 62
selected size: 1
center: 184, 72
fileName: 205.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 60
selected size: 1
center: 168, 87
fileName: 206.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 54
selected size: 1
center: 169, 76
fileName: 207.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 57
selected size: 1
center: 148, 81
fileName: 208.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 50
selected size: 1
center: 128, 74
fileName: 209.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 52
selected size: 1
center: 131, 80
fileName: 210.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 46
selected size: 1
center: 140, 81
fileName: 211.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 48
selected size: 1
center: 152, 82
fileName: 212.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 37
selected size: 1
center: 137, 93
fileName: 213.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 51
selected size: 1
center: 144, 87
fileName: 214.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 39
selected size: 1
center: 158, 84
fileName: 215.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 46
selected size: 1
center: 156, 83
fileName: 216.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 48
selected size: 1
center: 162, 85
fileName: 217.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 45
selected size: 1
center: 163, 80
fileName: 218.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 32
selected size: 1
center: 132, 86
fileName: 219.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 42
selected size: 1
center: 109, 73
fileName: 220.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 30
selected size: 1
center: 113, 76
fileName: 221.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 26
selected size: 1
center: 132, 71
fileName: 222.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 20
selected size: 1
center: 137, 69
fileName: 223.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 18
selected size: 1
center: 137, 73
fileName: 224.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 18
selected size: 1
center: 98, 72
fileName: 225.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 23
selected size: 1
center: 66, 64
fileName: 226.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 28
selected size: 1
center: 90, 45
fileName: 227.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 27
selected size: 1
center: 69, 42
fileName: 228.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 15
selected size: 1
center: 144, 89
fileName: 229.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 11
selected size: 1
center: 176, 131
fileName: 230.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 11
selected size: 1
center: 170, 124
fileName: 231.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 10
selected size: 1
center: 170, 114
fileName: 232.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 15
selected size: 1
center: 165, 109
fileName: 233.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 18
selected size: 1
center: 150, 100
fileName: 234.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 11
selected size: 1
center: 158, 89
fileName: 235.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 12
selected size: 1
center: 164, 74
fileName: 236.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 10
selected size: 1
center: 173, 79
fileName: 237.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 16
selected size: 1
center: 182, 64
fileName: 238.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 22
selected size: 1
center: 190, 54
fileName: 239.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 23
selected size: 1
center: 181, 68
fileName: 240.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 26
selected size: 1
center: 183, 73
fileName: 241.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 16
selected size: 1
center: 186, 96
fileName: 242.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 12
selected size: 1
center: 195, 108
fileName: 243.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 9
selected size: 1
center: 174, 105
fileName: 244.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 3
selected size: 1
center: 165, 135
fileName: 245.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 9
selected size: 1
center: 173, 108
fileName: 246.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 13
selected size: 1
center: 169, 96
fileName: 247.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 10
selected size: 1
center: 158, 97
fileName: 248.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 16
selected size: 1
center: 177, 85
fileName: 249.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 32
selected size: 1
center: 184, 32
fileName: 250.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 251.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 40
selected size: 1
center: 145, 9
fileName: 252.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 52
selected size: 1
center: 178, 18
fileName: 253.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 76
selected size: 1
center: 157, 15
fileName: 254.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 86
selected size: 1
center: 165, 14
fileName: 255.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 77
selected size: 0
fileName: 256.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 257.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 35
selected size: 1
center: 174, 12
fileName: 258.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 35
selected size: 1
center: 188, 15
fileName: 259.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 37
selected size: 1
center: 185, 17
fileName: 260.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 40
selected size: 1
center: 202, 32
fileName: 261.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 49
selected size: 1
center: 207, 29
fileName: 262.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 46
selected size: 1
center: 230, 60
fileName: 263.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 56
selected size: 1
center: 218, 67
fileName: 264.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 41
selected size: 1
center: 252, 77
fileName: 265.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 47
selected size: 1
center: 248, 90
fileName: 266.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 51
selected size: 1
center: 244, 89
fileName: 267.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 65
selected size: 2
fileName: 268.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 54
selected size: 1
center: 263, 83
fileName: 269.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 56
selected size: 1
center: 297, 85
fileName: 270.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 39
selected size: 0
fileName: 271.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 41
selected size: 0
fileName: 272.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 65
selected size: 1
center: 285, 75
fileName: 273.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 62
selected size: 1
center: 261, 87
fileName: 274.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 59
selected size: 1
center: 246, 95
fileName: 275.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 74
selected size: 1
center: 214, 70
fileName: 276.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 49
selected size: 0
fileName: 277.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 65
selected size: 1
center: 229, 78
fileName: 278.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 59
selected size: 1
center: 159, 63
fileName: 279.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 36
selected size: 1
center: 100, 83
fileName: 280.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 35
selected size: 1
center: 108, 76
fileName: 281.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 29
selected size: 1
center: 112, 101
fileName: 282.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 35
selected size: 1
center: 123, 112
fileName: 283.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 54
selected size: 1
center: 198, 73
fileName: 284.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 57
selected size: 1
center: 224, 48
fileName: 285.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 50
selected size: 1
center: 232, 53
fileName: 286.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 287.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 288.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 289.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 290.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 80
selected size: 1
center: 170, 15
fileName: 291.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 67
selected size: 1
center: 199, 83
fileName: 292.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 50
selected size: 1
center: 209, 100
fileName: 293.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 52
selected size: 1
center: 215, 94
fileName: 294.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 56
selected size: 1
center: 196, 72
fileName: 295.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 50
selected size: 1
center: 192, 78
fileName: 296.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 52
selected size: 1
center: 200, 85
fileName: 297.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 50
selected size: 1
center: 203, 81
fileName: 298.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 50
selected size: 1
center: 207, 73
fileName: 299.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 51
selected size: 1
center: 209, 73
fileName: 300.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 53
selected size: 1
center: 202, 72
fileName: 301.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 46
selected size: 1
center: 203, 71
fileName: 302.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 51
selected size: 1
center: 205, 72
fileName: 303.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 47
selected size: 1
center: 199, 71
fileName: 304.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 50
selected size: 1
center: 189, 72
fileName: 305.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 50
selected size: 1
center: 186, 82
fileName: 306.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 41
selected size: 1
center: 185, 92
fileName: 307.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 55
selected size: 1
center: 171, 76
fileName: 308.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 41
selected size: 1
center: 170, 77
fileName: 309.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 47
selected size: 1
center: 184, 88
fileName: 310.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 50
selected size: 1
center: 189, 78
fileName: 311.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 50
selected size: 1
center: 195, 79
fileName: 312.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 44
selected size: 1
center: 196, 83
fileName: 313.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 45
selected size: 1
center: 196, 85
fileName: 314.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 46
selected size: 1
center: 198, 81
fileName: 315.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 51
selected size: 1
center: 195, 69
fileName: 316.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 51
selected size: 1
center: 199, 68
fileName: 317.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 57
selected size: 1
center: 198, 65
fileName: 318.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 57
selected size: 1
center: 205, 70
fileName: 319.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 58
selected size: 1
center: 202, 57
fileName: 320.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 47
selected size: 1
center: 203, 52
fileName: 321.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 57
selected size: 1
center: 198, 47
fileName: 322.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 49
selected size: 1
center: 201, 27
fileName: 323.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 43
selected size: 1
center: 191, 53
fileName: 324.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 45
selected size: 1
center: 193, 78
fileName: 325.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 34
selected size: 1
center: 193, 81
fileName: 326.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 36
selected size: 1
center: 173, 80
fileName: 327.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 33
selected size: 1
center: 173, 74
fileName: 328.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 31
selected size: 1
center: 181, 77
fileName: 329.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 31
selected size: 1
center: 179, 63
fileName: 330.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 30
selected size: 1
center: 179, 70
fileName: 331.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 40
selected size: 1
center: 130, 55
fileName: 332.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 46
selected size: 1
center: 156, 55
fileName: 333.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 37
selected size: 1
center: 166, 33
fileName: 334.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 32
selected size: 1
center: 164, 54
fileName: 335.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 20
selected size: 1
center: 160, 94
fileName: 336.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 26
selected size: 1
center: 164, 105
fileName: 337.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 19
selected size: 1
center: 170, 117
fileName: 338.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 21
selected size: 1
center: 175, 107
fileName: 339.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 27
selected size: 1
center: 178, 85
fileName: 340.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 33
selected size: 1
center: 164, 81
fileName: 341.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 35
selected size: 1
center: 165, 56
fileName: 342.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 42
selected size: 1
center: 170, 78
fileName: 343.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 37
selected size: 1
center: 169, 95
fileName: 344.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 32
selected size: 1
center: 167, 94
fileName: 345.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 31
selected size: 1
center: 166, 90
fileName: 346.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 30
selected size: 1
center: 167, 78
fileName: 347.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 22
selected size: 1
center: 162, 92
fileName: 348.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 24
selected size: 1
center: 169, 97
fileName: 349.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 23
selected size: 1
center: 164, 73
fileName: 350.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 22
selected size: 1
center: 154, 56
fileName: 351.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 22
selected size: 1
center: 184, 59
fileName: 352.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 17
selected size: 1
center: 194, 73
fileName: 353.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 16
selected size: 1
center: 178, 77
fileName: 354.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 13
selected size: 1
center: 188, 73
fileName: 355.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 12
selected size: 1
center: 190, 72
fileName: 356.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 12
selected size: 1
center: 195, 60
fileName: 357.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 14
selected size: 1
center: 190, 48
fileName: 358.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 12
selected size: 1
center: 178, 44
fileName: 359.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 16
selected size: 1
center: 188, 36
fileName: 360.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 14
selected size: 1
center: 200, 40
fileName: 361.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 13
selected size: 1
center: 190, 66
fileName: 362.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 14
selected size: 1
center: 195, 73
fileName: 363.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 15
selected size: 1
center: 202, 71
fileName: 364.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 13
selected size: 1
center: 206, 58
fileName: 365.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 15
selected size: 1
center: 201, 86
fileName: 366.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 11
selected size: 1
center: 208, 83
fileName: 367.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 13
selected size: 1
center: 192, 71
fileName: 368.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 18
selected size: 1
center: 188, 26
fileName: 369.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 15
selected size: 1
center: 211, 15
fileName: 370.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 29
selected size: 0
fileName: 371.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 18
selected size: 1
center: 196, 28
fileName: 372.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 15
selected size: 1
center: 182, 74
fileName: 373.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 14
selected size: 1
center: 168, 76
fileName: 374.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 17
selected size: 1
center: 157, 87
fileName: 375.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 16
selected size: 1
center: 154, 76
fileName: 376.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 26
selected size: 1
center: 152, 30
fileName: 377.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 23
selected size: 1
center: 159, 34
fileName: 378.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 22
selected size: 1
center: 156, 36
fileName: 379.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 16
selected size: 1
center: 156, 63
fileName: 380.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 21
selected size: 1
center: 154, 56
fileName: 381.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 18
selected size: 1
center: 159, 61
fileName: 382.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 383.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 384.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 32
selected size: 1
center: 180, 20
fileName: 385.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 24
selected size: 1
center: 167, 81
fileName: 386.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 22
selected size: 1
center: 147, 114
fileName: 387.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 24
selected size: 1
center: 152, 120
fileName: 388.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 20
selected size: 1
center: 146, 136
fileName: 389.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 23
selected size: 1
center: 124, 138
fileName: 390.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 36
selected size: 1
center: 146, 108
fileName: 391.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 34
selected size: 1
center: 153, 113
fileName: 392.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 35
selected size: 1
center: 137, 99
fileName: 393.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 33
selected size: 1
center: 138, 97
fileName: 394.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 38
selected size: 1
center: 148, 87
fileName: 395.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 41
selected size: 1
center: 149, 86
fileName: 396.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 35
selected size: 1
center: 115, 100
fileName: 397.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 31
selected size: 1
center: 78, 100
fileName: 398.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 35
selected size: 1
center: 89, 99
fileName: 399.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 44
selected size: 1
center: 110, 95
fileName: 400.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 401.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 402.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 403.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 404.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 405.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 406.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 407.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 408.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 409.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 410.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 411.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 412.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 413.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 414.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 415.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 416.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 417.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 418.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 419.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 420.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 61
selected size: 1
center: 38, 51
fileName: 421.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 64
selected size: 2
fileName: 422.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 55
selected size: 1
center: 109, 60
fileName: 423.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 54
selected size: 2
fileName: 424.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 50
selected size: 2
fileName: 425.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 56
selected size: 2
fileName: 426.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 44
selected size: 2
fileName: 427.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 49
selected size: 2
fileName: 428.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 40
selected size: 2
fileName: 429.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 40
selected size: 2
fileName: 430.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 41
selected size: 2
fileName: 431.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 40
selected size: 2
fileName: 432.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 37
selected size: 2
fileName: 433.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 42
selected size: 1
center: 214, 52
fileName: 434.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 50
selected size: 2
fileName: 435.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 50
selected size: 1
center: 234, 33
fileName: 436.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 52
selected size: 1
center: 201, 30
fileName: 437.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 44
selected size: 1
center: 194, 16
fileName: 438.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 39
selected size: 2
fileName: 439.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 47
selected size: 1
center: 245, 14
fileName: 440.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 35
selected size: 1
center: 264, 49
fileName: 441.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 34
selected size: 1
center: 263, 46
fileName: 442.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 30
selected size: 1
center: 256, 40
fileName: 443.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 26
selected size: 1
center: 248, 74
fileName: 444.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 31
selected size: 1
center: 256, 62
fileName: 445.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 31
selected size: 1
center: 283, 66
fileName: 446.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 27
selected size: 1
center: 269, 69
fileName: 447.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 32
selected size: 1
center: 243, 68
fileName: 448.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 31
selected size: 1
center: 246, 59
fileName: 449.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 25
selected size: 1
center: 239, 75
fileName: 450.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 23
selected size: 1
center: 216, 81
fileName: 451.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 32
selected size: 1
center: 198, 68
fileName: 452.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 33
selected size: 1
center: 221, 44
fileName: 453.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 28
selected size: 1
center: 218, 36
fileName: 454.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 31
selected size: 1
center: 209, 12
fileName: 455.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 456.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 457.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 458.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 459.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 460.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 461.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 462.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 463.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 464.jpg
error: image not read from file
fileName: 465.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 33
selected size: 1
center: 180, 21
fileName: 466.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 30
selected size: 1
center: 175, 17
fileName: 467.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 32
selected size: 1
center: 202, 20
fileName: 468.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 26
selected size: 1
center: 238, 18
fileName: 469.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 15
selected size: 1
center: 256, 73
fileName: 470.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 18
selected size: 1
center: 263, 92
fileName: 471.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 14
selected size: 1
center: 239, 97
fileName: 472.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 17
selected size: 1
center: 211, 72
fileName: 473.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 15
selected size: 1
center: 233, 89
fileName: 474.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 13
selected size: 1
center: 239, 117
fileName: 475.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 16
selected size: 1
center: 253, 110
fileName: 476.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 18
selected size: 1
center: 271, 97
fileName: 477.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 21
selected size: 1
center: 285, 100
fileName: 478.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 22
selected size: 1
center: 253, 75
fileName: 479.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 17
selected size: 1
center: 242, 55
fileName: 480.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 15
selected size: 1
center: 247, 61
fileName: 481.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 14
selected size: 1
center: 242, 67
fileName: 482.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 15
selected size: 1
center: 251, 62
fileName: 483.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 19
selected size: 1
center: 253, 66
fileName: 484.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 25
selected size: 1
center: 249, 77
fileName: 485.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 28
selected size: 1
center: 226, 84
fileName: 486.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 19
selected size: 1
center: 202, 76
fileName: 487.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 16
selected size: 1
center: 188, 94
fileName: 488.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 17
selected size: 1
center: 189, 113
fileName: 489.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 16
selected size: 1
center: 159, 120
fileName: 490.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 16
selected size: 2
fileName: 491.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 16
selected size: 1
center: 20, 156
fileName: 492.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 37
selected size: 1
center: 31, 78
fileName: 493.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 27
selected size: 0
fileName: 494.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 30
selected size: 0
fileName: 495.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 20
selected size: 0
fileName: 496.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 13
selected size: 0
fileName: 497.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 30
selected size: 0
fileName: 498.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 30
selected size: 1
center: 64, 126
fileName: 499.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 29
selected size: 1
center: 70, 125
fileName: 500.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 46
selected size: 1
center: 74, 89
fileName: 501.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 41
selected size: 1
center: 101, 52
fileName: 502.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 39
selected size: 1
center: 108, 44
fileName: 503.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 31
selected size: 1
center: 126, 37
fileName: 504.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 23
selected size: 1
center: 122, 53
fileName: 505.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 25
selected size: 1
center: 176, 84
fileName: 506.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 21
selected size: 1
center: 85, 55
fileName: 507.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 15
selected size: 1
center: 53, 84
fileName: 508.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 18
selected size: 0
fileName: 509.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 23
selected size: 1
center: 148, 65
fileName: 510.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 27
selected size: 1
center: 182, 21
fileName: 511.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 33
selected size: 0
fileName: 512.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 23
selected size: 1
center: 176, 73
fileName: 513.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 16
selected size: 1
center: 200, 58
fileName: 514.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 13
selected size: 1
center: 199, 61
fileName: 515.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 14
selected size: 1
center: 185, 68
fileName: 516.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 11
selected size: 1
center: 195, 71
fileName: 517.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 9
selected size: 1
center: 209, 48
fileName: 518.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 7
selected size: 1
center: 204, 49
fileName: 519.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 10
selected size: 1
center: 202, 72
fileName: 520.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 6
selected size: 1
center: 227, 61
fileName: 521.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 12
selected size: 0
fileName: 522.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 10
selected size: 0
fileName: 523.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 10
selected size: 0
fileName: 524.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 7
selected size: 1
center: 197, 76
fileName: 525.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 7
selected size: 1
center: 207, 81
fileName: 526.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 10
selected size: 1
center: 193, 74
fileName: 527.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 6
selected size: 1
center: 168, 84
fileName: 528.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 6
selected size: 1
center: 169, 92
fileName: 529.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 7
selected size: 1
center: 163, 97
fileName: 530.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 8
selected size: 0
fileName: 531.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 7
selected size: 0
fileName: 532.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 7
selected size: 1
center: 203, 91
fileName: 533.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 10
selected size: 1
center: 197, 77
fileName: 534.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 7
selected size: 1
center: 199, 83
fileName: 535.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 2
selected size: 1
center: 197, 103
fileName: 536.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 7
selected size: 1
center: 189, 104
fileName: 537.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 4
selected size: 1
center: 178, 117
fileName: 538.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 7
selected size: 1
center: 174, 104
fileName: 539.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 9
selected size: 0
fileName: 540.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 8
selected size: 1
center: 171, 100
fileName: 541.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 8
selected size: 1
center: 193, 119
fileName: 542.jpg
number of unfiltered contours: 15
selected size: 1
center: 262, 15
